1) What are the challenges that i have faced ?

	1) Getting data :

			Understanding the Business usecases , getting the data from client warehouse (Because it is one time activity)
	
	2) Data Validation :

			For ex: Account count , customer count , star count 

	3) Solving Business Problem :

			1) we need to prepare the data based on the business problem 
			2) careefull aplying the business logic ( Input for Model )
			
			For ex: Inopertive should not inclused in the IP features since it is dependent feature 

	4) Model validation and justification with stake holders :

			1) Mutliple question wll rise to your model we need to give justification for the model

			For ex : keeping only the balance doesn't determine the inoperative cusomters , we need to add more in products details


2) Why Do you want to switch your job ?

	I have done the best for myself and my current organization . 
	I strongly felt that it is high time to move to new place and develop a fresh perpsctive with the competitive role 			



3) Why shoud i hire you ? 	

	As you have mentied in the job description 
	that you require the candidate to have skills in Data Science , Machine learning , deep learning 
	I belive that i would be the fit for this role


4) Do You have any questions?
-
	Next Steps : (Postive)
			what are the next steps in the hiring process

	About the job : (Postive)
			What are your expections for this postion ?
			How many people are on the team ?
			What will be Project ?

	FeedBack :	(Negative)
			Could you give feedback about me in this process 
			So that i will improve from mistakes and elevate my confidences


5) How are you today ?

	I am doing great and quite excited about the interview 



6) Why are you interesetd in this role ?
		
	This Position in your company perfectly aligns with my data science background
	I am eager to contribute skill in data science and data anlysis


7) What is salary excepetations ?

	I am open to a competitve and fair compensation that reflect my skills and experceices 
	
	I am confident that we can mutually agree on a package that aligns with industry standards and the value 
	that i bring to the table.



8) What are Career Goal ?
	
	Short-Term Goal :

	Long-Term Goal	:





