Project 1 :
			

Project Name 			:	Customer Uplift Model

Objective 				:   To Predicting potential customers, the focus is on those who bring high revenue to the bank.

Project Explaination	:  	

1)  For Identifying those Customers data anlytics will be doing based on entity like Demographics, transactions (ATM,UPI),Spend transactions details,other account details, Products details and geographics.

2) This model is helping the marketing team will target Potential customers and optimize the return on investment (ROI) effiecently 

For Ex : New product (Key chain and smart watch product)


My Responsebility 		:

	I take end to end responsibility from getting the requirements from client and deploy to the model productions.
	
	Discuss business requirements from the stakeholders.
	
	Designed database data model and optimization techniques in RDBMS.
	
	Prepare the Input Preprocessing 
	
	Executed EDA 

	Feature Engineering , Feature Selction

	Doing the statstical techniques descriptive analysis , Inference statistics and managing hypothesis test and p-values
	
	Created the Supervise Machine learning algorithms and maintain the Model and improve the model performance
	
	Automated manual steps and Deployed project in EC2 service productions.



							
Project Name 			:	Propensity Model

1) Recommendating the customized product for individual customers

2) Model enhance user experience, increase engagement, and providing the business outcomes 

For Ex : HL ,VL ,PL, JL,locker ,Health Insurance ,Life Insurance, Term Insurance, Mutal fund and etc.



Project Name 			:	Attrition Model

1) We need to find who is going to in-operative customers in the bank

2) This model will helps to forecast and retain those customers.



Project Name 			:	Credit Risk Prediction

1) We need to find the risk customers for financial loan , the focus is on who is not likely to repay the loan.

2) By leveraging predictive modeling techniques, banks can manage credit risk for the financial stability.


Entity Details :
					1) Demo
					2) LAPS (Loan aganist property)

Solvedge Projects 		:












--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


What are optimization techniques in DB ?
	
	Normalizations
	CTE
	Index
	Views
